Формат json
json(JavaScript Object notation) is a data format often used by APIs.
Python module json has an ability to encode and decode data of json format.

Functions:
json.dump() - takes a file-like object and produce a string.
json.dumps() takes an object and produces a string.
json.load() - takes a file-like object, reads the data from that object, and uses that string to create an object.
json.loads() - takes a string and using it creates an object.

Classes:
json.JSONDecoder
Performs following convertions: object->dict, array->list, string->str, number(int)->int,
                                number(real)->float, true->True, false->False, null->None.
                                
       decode() - return the Python string representation of argument(JSON document).
                  JSONDecodeError will be raised if the given JSON document is not valid.

       raw_decode() - decode a JSON from string and return 2-tuple of the Python representation
                      and the index in s where the document ended. Can be used ifJson has 
                      extra data at the end.
                      
json.JSONEncoder
Performs convertirons of Python structures into JSON structures(e.g. dict->object,
                                                                     list->array...)
        encode() - return a JSON string representation of a Python data structure.
        iterencode() - encode the given object, o, and yield each string representation as available


Формат xml


Формат html
HTML - HyperText Mark-up Language
Python module for parsing html and xhtml contains:

class html.parser.HTMLParser
Creates instance to parse invalid markup.
Its methods may be overriden by user to implement desired behaiour(e.g. tags to be handled)

Methods:
feed() - takes string data to be feed to parser.
close() - force additional processing at the end of the file.
reset() - reset the instance loosing all unprocessed data.
getpos() - return current line number.
get_starttag_text() - return text of recently opened start tag. 
handle_data() - process arbitrary data.
handle_entityref() - process a named character reference of the form &name.
handle_charref() - process decimal and hexadecimal numeric character references.
unknown_decl() - this method is called when an unrecognized declaration is read by the parser.
handle_comment() - this method is called when a comment is encountered.
handle_decl() - this method is called to handle an HTML doctype declaration

